[Outlook] (Smart Alerts) Add a recommendation note and on-send comparison table (#3702)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/outlook-on-send-addins.md

> For information about limitations related to the on-send feature, see [Limitations](#limitations) later in this article.

Reviewer: In the AppSource bullet of the Limitations section, I think it would be helpful to include a link to the comparison table or to the store options article. Maybe append something like: "However, Smart Alerts is a newer feature which can provide AppSource support for similar functionality. To learn more, see *{some link}*."

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. Links have been added. I linked to the overall Smart Alerts walkthrough, instead of the comparison table, so that the user gets an introduction to the feature before diving into specific details.

> [!NOTE]

> > [Smart Alerts](smart-alerts-onmessagesend-walkthrough.md) is a new alternative to the on-send feature. It was released in [requirement set 1.12](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/requirement-set-1.12/outlook-requirement-set-1.12) and introduced the `OnMessageSend` and `OnAppointmentSend` events. Similar to the on-send feature, Smart Alerts enables your add-in to check that certain conditions are met before a mail item is sent. Smart Alerts differentiates itself from the on-send feature as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Smart Alerts](smart-alerts-onmessagesend-walkthrough.md) includes a newer version of the on-send feature. It was released in [requirement set 1.12](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/requirement-set-1.12/outlook-requirement-set-1.12) and introduced the `OnMessageSend` and `OnAppointmentSend` events. Similar to the on-send feature, Smart Alerts enables your add-in to check that certain conditions are met before a mail item is sent. Smart Alerts differentiates itself from the on-send feature as follows:
```
